when I do any kind of session I'd like
to make things concrete when I say
concrete is something that you can take
away today and chances are you can do
something about it so there are three
things from my perspective is a very
concrete and solid way that you can
enable sales team one is differentiated
product on competition The Alibi is map
content for sales engagement third is
train sales especially on production
tools and I want to be very specific for
every single one of them
[Applause]
when we talk about cause of our journey
is the potty training one step forward
two step backwards we'll look at the
things but thinks about it what not sure
we want to get it so far so good
am I talking too fast everyone is it too
boring I love you